clarify text about how encryption keys are obtained (#619)
openid/OpenID4VP: openid-4-verifiable-presentations-1_0.md

`wallet_nonce`:
: OPTIONAL. A String value used to mitigate replay attacks of the Authorization Request. When received, the Verifier MUST use it as the `wallet_nonce` value in the signed authorization request object. Value can be a base64url-encoded, fresh, cryptographically random number with sufficient entropy.  

> If the Wallet requires the Verifier to encrypt the Request Object, it uses the `jwks` parameter within the `wallet_metadata` parameter to pass public encryption keys. If the Wallet requires an encrypted Authorization Response, it specifies supported encryption algorithms using the `authorization_encryption_alg_values_supported` and `authorization_encryption_enc_values_supported` parameters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If the Wallet requires the Verifier to encrypt the Request Object, it SHOULD use the `jwks` parameter within the `wallet_metadata` parameter to pass public encryption keys. If the Wallet requires an encrypted Authorization Response, it SHOULD specify supported encryption algorithms using the `authorization_encryption_alg_values_supported` and `authorization_encryption_enc_values_supported` parameters.
```
